Multi-database support in cluster mode (#242)
valkey-io/valkey-doc: topics/cluster-spec.md

manual resharding, multi-key operations may become unavailable for some time
while single-key operations are always available.

> Valkey Cluster supports multiple databases, similar to standalone mode but with some extra restrictions. 

Reviewer: Mention since 9.0.

manual resharding, multi-key operations may become unavailable for some time
while single-key operations are always available.

> Valkey Cluster now supports multiple databases, similar to standalone mode. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Valkey Cluster supports multiple databases, similar to standalone mode but with some extra restrictions. 
```

> The `SELECT` command can be used to switch databases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
